build/dokka/gfm/kotlin-trains/net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/index.md, before:

//[kotlin-trains](../index.md)/[net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks](index.md)



# Package net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks  


## Types  
  
|  Name|  Summary| 
|---|---|
| [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html)>  <br><br><br>
| [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/), [Nothing](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-nothing/index.html)>  <br><br><br>
| [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)) -> [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)  <br><br><br>
| [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[Nothing](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-nothing/index.html), [T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [NEW_FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>) -> [Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[NEW_FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackInput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackInput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)>) -> [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)) -> [Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[L](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/), [R](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html), [L](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/), [R](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>


## Functions  
  
|  Name|  Summary| 
|---|---|
| [bind](bind.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md)> [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md)>.[bind](bind.md)(): [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [composeBind](compose-bind.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Combine [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) or [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) and a [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a new [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>infix fun <[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [OUT](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md)> [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [OUT](compose-bind.md)>.[composeBind](compose-bind.md)(other: [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md)>): [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [composeSwitch](compose-switch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Combine two [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)s to a new [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>infix fun <[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT1](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)> [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT1](compose-switch.md)>.[composeSwitch](compose-switch.md)(other: [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT1](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)>): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [failure](failure.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Turn a value into a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) on the failure track<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](failure.md)> [failure](failure.md)(value: [IN](failure.md)): [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](failure.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [invoke](invoke.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Functions with [Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) as the only parameter can be called without any parameters<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>operator fun <[T](invoke.md)> ([Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html)) -> [T](invoke.md).[invoke](invoke.md)(): [T](invoke.md)  <br><br><br>
| [main](main.md)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>fun [main](main.md)()  <br><br><br>
| [mapBoth](map-both.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Maps the output of a [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/) to a new [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](map-both.md), [FAILURE](map-both.md), [OUT](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)> [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](map-both.md), [FAILURE](map-both.md), [OUT](map-both.md)>.[mapBoth](map-both.md)(success: [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)>, failure: [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md)>): [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [success](success.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Turn a value into a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) on the success track<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](success.md)> [success](success.md)(value: [IN](success.md)): [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](success.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [switch](switch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](switch.md), [FAILURE](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)> [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)>.[switch](switch.md)(): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](switch.md), [FAILURE](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [tee](tee.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert a [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) that preserves its input as its output<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](tee.md)> [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](tee.md)>.[tee](tee.md)(): [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](tee.md), [IN](tee.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [tryCatch](try-catch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Converts a [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) with an embedded TryCatch block<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](try-catch.md), [OUT](try-catch.md)> [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](try-catch.md), [OUT](try-catch.md)>.[tryCatch](try-catch.md)(): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](try-catch.md), [Throwable](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-throwable/index.html), [OUT](try-catch.md)>  <br><br><br>

Commit message:

+ composePlus: combines the output of multiple TwoTrackOutputs

build/dokka/gfm/kotlin-trains/net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/index.md, after:

//[kotlin-trains](../index.md)/[net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks](index.md)



# Package net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks  


## Types  
  
|  Name|  Summary| 
|---|---|
| [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html)>  <br><br><br>
| [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/), [Nothing](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-nothing/index.html)>  <br><br><br>
| [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)) -> [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)  <br><br><br>
| [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)<[T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[Nothing](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-nothing/index.html), [T](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [NEW_FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>) -> [Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[NEW_FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackInput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackInput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/), [IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)>) -> [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackInput///PointingToDeclaration/)  <br><br><br>
| [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)> = ([IN](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)) -> [Either](../net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.mondas/-either/index.md)<[FAILURE](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/), [OUT](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>
| [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>typealias [Value](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)<[L](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/), [R](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)> = [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html), [L](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/), [R](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Value///PointingToDeclaration/)>  <br><br><br>


## Functions  
  
|  Name|  Summary| 
|---|---|
| [bind](bind.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md)> [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md)>.[bind](bind.md)(): [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md), [OUT](bind.md), [FAILURE](bind.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [composeBind](compose-bind.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Combine [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) or [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) and a [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a new [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>infix fun <[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [OUT](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md)> [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [OUT](compose-bind.md)>.[composeBind](compose-bind.md)(other: [TwoTrackFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md)>): [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-bind.md), [FAILURE](compose-bind.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-bind.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [composePlus](compose-plus.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Evaluates other with moreOthers in parallel with this as input and combines their results according to addSuccess and addFailure if multiple fail or all succeed.<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [OUT](compose-plus.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md)> [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [OUT](compose-plus.md)>.[composePlus](compose-plus.md)(addSuccess: ([NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md)) -> [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md), addFailure: ([FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md)) -> [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), other: [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md)>, vararg moreOthers: [Array](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-array/index.html)<out [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md)>>): [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-plus.md), [FAILURE](compose-plus.md), [NEW_OUT](compose-plus.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [composeSwitch](compose-switch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Combine two [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)s to a new [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>infix fun <[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT1](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)> [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT1](compose-switch.md)>.[composeSwitch](compose-switch.md)(other: [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT1](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)>): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](compose-switch.md), [FAILURE](compose-switch.md), [OUT2](compose-switch.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [failure](failure.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Turn a value into a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) on the failure track<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](failure.md)> [failure](failure.md)(value: [IN](failure.md)): [Failure](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Failure///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](failure.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [invoke](invoke.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Functions with [Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) as the only parameter can be called without any parameters<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>operator fun <[T](invoke.md)> ([Unit](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html)) -> [T](invoke.md).[invoke](invoke.md)(): [T](invoke.md)  <br><br><br>
| [main](main.md)| [jvm]  <br>Content  <br>fun [main](main.md)()  <br><br><br>
| [mapBoth](map-both.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Maps the output of a [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/) to a new [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](map-both.md), [FAILURE](map-both.md), [OUT](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)> [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](map-both.md), [FAILURE](map-both.md), [OUT](map-both.md)>.[mapBoth](map-both.md)(success: [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[OUT](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)>, failure: [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md)>): [TwoTrackOutput](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/TwoTrackOutput///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](map-both.md), [NEW_FAILURE](map-both.md), [NEW_OUT](map-both.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [success](success.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Turn a value into a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) on the success track<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](success.md)> [success](success.md)(value: [IN](success.md)): [Success](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/Success///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](success.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [switch](switch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](switch.md), [FAILURE](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)> [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)>.[switch](switch.md)(): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](switch.md), [FAILURE](switch.md), [OUT](switch.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [tee](tee.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Convert a [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) that preserves its input as its output<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](tee.md)> [DeadEndFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/DeadEndFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](tee.md)>.[tee](tee.md)(): [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](tee.md), [IN](tee.md)>  <br><br><br>
| [tryCatch](try-catch.md)| [jvm]  <br>Brief description  <br><br><br>Converts a [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) to a [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/) with an embedded TryCatch block<br><br>  <br>Content  <br>fun <[IN](try-catch.md), [OUT](try-catch.md)> [PlainFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/PlainFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](try-catch.md), [OUT](try-catch.md)>.[tryCatch](try-catch.md)(): [SwitchFunction](index.md#net.lazy_bit.kotlin_train.tracks/SwitchFunction///PointingToDeclaration/)<[IN](try-catch.md), [Throwable](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-throwable/index.html), [OUT](try-catch.md)>  <br><br><br>
